Running `pvt-plot.ipynb` generates the plot `pvt.png`.

Running `pvt-statistics.ipynb` generates the statistics from the post.

Folder `data` contains all data I collected in `.iqdat` format. All `.iqdat` files were generated by Inquisit Lab 6 and are equivalent to space-separated csv files. I modified these files as described in `pvt-statistics.ipynb`.

Folders `data/control`, and `data/treatment` contain individual `.iqdat` files for every session. These are the files I used to create `pvt-plot.ipynb` and in `pvt-statistics.ipynb`.

Variables **build	computer.platform**, **subject**,	**group**,	**sessionid**,	**blockcode**,	**blocknum**,	**trialcode**,	**trialnum**,	**testduration**,	**targetcolor**,	**targetsize**,	**fixed**,	**targetx**,	**targety**,	**stiminterval**,	**trialStart**,	**shape.targetcircle.timestamp**,	**lastCircleTimestamp**,	**response**, **rt_elapsed**,	**EarlyResponse**,	**countEarlyResponses**, **countResponses** were not used in the analysis and I'm not sure what most of them mean.

Variables **date** and **time** specify the day and the time on which the session was performed.

Variable **rt** specifies the time (in milliseconds) it took me to respond (press space) to the stimulus (the red dot). If I pressed space when there was no stimulus present, it was set to 0.  This is the variable on which all statistical analysis is performed.

Folder `graph_archive` contains all major iterations of `pvt.png`, preserved for historical interest.

Folder `inquisit_6_scripts/perceptualvigilancetask_keyboard` contains script files necessary to replicate the experiment. You need to install Inquisit 6 Lab on your computer and then run `perceptualvigilancetask_keyboard.iqx`, which will open Inquisit 6 Lab and then save the data from the experiment in that folder. The script file was downloaded from Millisecond Software site and was modified to hide the feedback after each trial and to make it last 10 minutes.